Add LogCat integration to Android via an EventProcessor (#2926)
getsentry/sentry-dotnet: CHANGELOG.md

### Features

- Native crash reporting on NativeAOT published apps (Windows, Linux, macOS). ([#2887](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-dotnet/pull/2887))

> - Added Android LogCat collection to the core `Sentry` SDK, configurable via `SentryOptions.LogCatIntegration` when targeting `net7.0-android` or later. ([#2926](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-dotnet/pull/2926))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added Android LogCat collection to the core `Sentry` SDK, configurable via `SentryOptions.LogCatIntegration` when targeting `net7.0-android` or later and running on Android API level 23 or later. ([#2926](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-dotnet/pull/2926))
```

> - Added Android LogCat collection to the core `Sentry` SDK, configurable via `SentryOptions.LogCatIntegration` when targeting `net7.0-android` or later and running on Android API level 23 or later. ([#2926](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-dotnet/pull/2926))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Android: By default attaches LogCat logs to unhandled exceptions. Configurable via `SentryOptions.LogCatIntegration` and `SentryOptions.LogCatMaxLines`. Available when targeting `net7.0-android` or later, on API level 23 or later. ([#2926](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-dotnet/pull/2926))
```

Author: Edited this file manually since the option path was incorrect
